Updating Canvas docs (#7991)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/canvas-qs.md

To access <Constant name="visual_editor" />:

1. Click **<Constant name="visual_editor" />** on the left-side menu.

> 2. From the right side, click **Create new workspace**. This will open a new workspace with a blank untitled model. You don't need to take any additional action to continue with this guide, but in scenarios where you want to create a new model, click the **model icon** on the top left, click **+**, and click **Create new model**.

Reviewer: i dont see the + on the top left. i do see it next to the tabs though:

<img width="321" height="223" alt="Screenshot 2025-10-03 at 16 18 59" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/13a4e60b-d983-4fcc-90b3-9923e3eea25b" />

Author: I thought I caught all of these. THanks!

> 2. From the right side, click **Create new workspace**. This will open a new workspace with a blank untitled model. You don't need to take any additional action to continue with this guide, but in scenarios where you want to create a new model, click the **model icon** on the top left, click **+**, and click **Create new model**.

Author: ```suggestion
2. From the right side, click **Create new workspace**. This will open a new workspace with a blank untitled model. You don't need to take any additional action to continue with this guide, but in scenarios where you want to create a new model, click **+Add** on the top navigation bar and click **Create new model**.
```
